W-19128933-domain-settings (#302)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-gather-setup-info.adoc

* `com`
* `net`
* `internal`
* `local`
* `domain.com`

You can't add MuleSoft domains or public domains as private space internal DNS.

> These restrictions also apply the respective subdomains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These restrictions also apply to the respective subdomains.
```

> As a workaround, you can create CNAME records on your own DNS servers, redirecting a permitted custom domain to the restricted domain you want to add. See https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001119691&type=1[Cannot add certain domains to CloudHub VPC Internal DNS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, create CNAME records on your own DNS servers to redirect a permitted custom domain to the restricted domain you want to add. See https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001119691&type=1[Cannot add certain domains to CloudHub VPC Internal DNS].
```
